ENH: Update examples, add to sphinx, and convert to .md (#908)
bids-standard/pybids: doc/examples/index.rst

.. tutorials:

Tutorials
==========

The following executable examples are available.

> Note that all of these tutorials are in the MyST format (`md`), and if downloaded can be opened as a Jupyter Notebook in Jupyter Lab ("Open with Notebook")

Reviewer: Does that need `jupytext` to work?

Author: Ah, actually yes, you need to set up jupytext: https://jupytext.readthedocs.io/en/latest/paired-notebooks.html

I suppose if that's a problem I'd be fine w/ converting them back to notebooks,

> Note that all of these tutorials are in the MyST format (`md`), and if downloaded can be opened as a Jupyter Notebook in Jupyter Lab ("Open with Notebook")

Author: ```suggestion
Note that all of these tutorials are in the MyST format (`md`), and can downloaded and opened as a Jupyter Notebook in Jupyter Lab if Jupytext is installed. See `this guide <https://jupytext.readthedocs.io/en/latest/paired-notebooks.html>`_ to enable.
```
